# Movie / TV Show list website
#### Video Demo:  <URL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07Si4gedPoE&ab_channel=Jon>
#### Description: My project is a website, created using Flask, HTM, CSS and Python, that makes use of the 'The Movie Database (TMDB)' Api to get a list of shows for different purposes. Firstly, the website has a register and login page to setup accounts for users and stores their details on a database, where the password is then hashed for security. Once the user has logged in, they will be taken to the index (home) page. All pages have a navigation bar, allowing the user to go to home, search, add, mylist, stats, and logout or register/login if the user is not logged in yet.

#### The home page displays the most popular, trendng, new and upcoming films and tv shows of the day. By using speicifc queries for URLs, One function would return a list of all the shows including the title, an image URL, and a releae date for the upcoming films. Then iterating through the list, each category had its own row inside a table where the images and other details were shown. Each row inside its own div allowed the user to scroll horizontally to see all the different shows.

#### The search page is a form where the user can search for a movie by 'keyword' which is used as a paramter for the function lookup(). This function takes the keyword along with the type and number of shows to be displayed and returns different elements such as the overview of the show, or genres. Additionally, if there is a show in the list returned from TMDB which doesn't have an image or general rating, it is discarded and not shown. The form gives the user the option to filter by movies or tv shows (which is the type), amount displayed ranging from 1-10 and an input text box to type the keyword. Once the user submits, it checks to see if it has all the paramters, otherwise it will return with an error screen. If all is good, it jumps to a new html page displayed the movie title, image, genres, average rating and description of movie/tv show.

#### The next page is another form page, which is used to add a show to their personal list. The only difference with this and the search page is the user can only add one, it can also filter by showID and it has another input box for their own rating. In addition to the other checks, if will ensure the rating is between 0 and 10 and the show is not already in the user's list. Finally, it will INSERT the details into a table called 'mylist' in the database and also update a table called 'stats' which we will get onto later. The user is then directed to the myList html page.

#### The myList page displays the user's shows that they added in a table, in descending order of rating where #1 is the highest rating.

#### The last page is a stats page. When the user adds a show the their list, the show is passed into the function lookupId() where it can get more details about the show such as the runtime and number of episodes (This function is also used when searching by ID on the search page). As a result, it updates the stats table with the different variables. The page shows the total watchtime, total movie watchtime, total tv show watchtime, longest movie watched including the runtime and the longest tv show watched including the runtime which is calculated using the number of episodes * runtime of each episode.

